---
title: "Paper Title Number 2"
collection: publications
category: manuscripts
permalink: /publication/2009-10-01-paper-title-number-1
excerpt: 'This paper is about the number 1. The number 2 is left for future work.'
date: 2009-10-01
venue: 'Journal 1'
slidesurl: 'http://academicpages.github.io/files/slides1.pdf'
paperurl: 'http://academicpages.github.io/files/paper1.pdf'
citation: 'Your Name, You. (2009). &quot;Paper Title Number 1.&quot; <i>Journal 1</i>. 1(1).'
---

The contents above will be part of a list of publications, if the user clicks the link for the publication than the contents of section will be rendered as a full page, allowing you to provide more information about the paper for the reader. When publications are displayed as a single page, the contents of the above "citation" field will automatically be included below this section in a smaller font.

In this study, a new axisymmetric ordinary state-based peridynamic (PD) model for axisymmetric problems of linear elastic solids is presented. A fracture criterion based on the PD bond energy density is proposed. Adaptive dynamic relaxation (ADR) method is adopted to obtain equilibrium solutions, and a viable fictitious density of the model is derived and proven to be valid for implementation in the ADR method. Performance and validity of the proposed axisymmetric PD model are demonstrated by three kinds of numerical problems, i.e., compression tests, pull-out deformation, and indentation fracture. In the compression tests with focus on constant-strain deformations, the displacements predicted by the present model are compared with classical analytical solutions, and the results show good agreements. Both m-convergence and δ-convergence behaviors under four influence functions are investigated and discussed based on a thorough error analysis in different compression cases. The recovery of the Poisson’s ratios in the model is tested in detail as well. The capability of capturing general non-uniform axisymmetric deformation by the proposed model is verified in the pull-out analysis. The equilibrium displacement fields predicted by the present model agree very well with those by the finite element method. The peridynamic evaluation of strains and stresses also show good match with the finite element ones. The proposed fracture criterion is validated by the third example of indentation cracking which is compared with the available experimental data. The model developed can effectively be used to analyze axisymmetric problems of linear elastic solids in the framework of the ordinary state-based peridynamics.
