---
title: "Peridynamic simulation of two-dimensional axisymmetric pull-out tests"
collection: publications
category: manuscripts
permalink: /publication/2019-03-14-IJSS
excerpt: 'This paper is about the number 1. The number 2 is left for future work.'
date: 2009-10-01
venue: 'Journal 1'
slidesurl: 'http://academicpages.github.io/files/slides1.pdf'
paperurl: 'http://academicpages.github.io/files/paper1.pdf'
citation: 'Your Name, You. (2009). &quot;Paper Title Number 1.&quot; <i>Journal 1</i>. 1(1).'
---

The contents above will be part of a list of publications, if the user clicks the link for the publication than the contents of section will be rendered as a full page, allowing you to provide more information about the paper for the reader. When publications are displayed as a single page, the contents of the above "citation" field will automatically be included below this section in a smaller font.
In this study, a systematic pull-out simulation scheme in the formwork of two dimensional (2D) axisym- metric domain using peridynamics (PD) is presented. An axisymmetric ordinary state-based peridynamic model is used to model the pull-out deformation just like the axisymmetric stress element in the finite element method (FEM). A failure criterion based on the bond energy density is adopted to predict the interfacial debonding, while a new PD contact model in the 2D axisymmetric domain is proposed to sim- ulate the friction sliding during the pull-out process. The PD pull-out simulation scheme based on the respective 2D axisymmetric model, interfacial failure criterion and contact model is quantitatively vali- dated in comparisons with either the FEM or analytical solutions. The whole process of the pull-out test is simulated using the proposed PD scheme, and the influences of both the interfacial fracture toughness and friction coefficient on the bond-slip behavior are investigated. The developed PD pull-out modeling scheme is capable of effectively simulating the pull-out tests and predicting the bond-slip behavior.
